so now we're gonna shade or color this
hair this manga girls hair using Crayola
Crayons so we have three tones of color
going from lightest to darkest and these
are sort of like pinky reddish tones and
that's the clever hair so that's the
first thing that we did sort out all the
colors figure it out use this sort of
like paper scrap paper on the side and
like figuring out like the tones and
everything so here we have it started
out lightest to darkest the lightest one
is Mellon the middle one is Mango Tango
and the last one is maroon
so we're gonna start with the middle one
first this time and not with the
lightest one like we did with the skin
we're just gonna because the lightest
one is sort of like four minus one and
back to kind of optional because there
are different styles and like different
lighting and sometimes people like to
leave the highlights white but other
times I like to make it look like
blended really really really blended
that they don't want to leave like any
area why you just want to use like a
lighter tone so if you're that kind of
person that likes to like it to be
really blended you should like cover the
whole area but when you do when you
leave it like it also gives us sort of
like a shinier light so it's all up to
you so you don't need to use the
lightest one if you don't want to so
we're just gonna start with our middle
line okay the first thing we're gonna do
is use this sort of like flicking motion
so if you see my other tutorial on how
to color hair using Crayola markers and
you'll know about this sort of like
flicking technique also the one about
how to shade it using like pencils so
basically what it is is you're just sort
of gonna flick the pencil or the pen or
the marker or the crayon or whatever
you're using and just to go in the
direction or the flow of the hair now
here is an example which is
from the actual tutorial so basically
it's sort of just going in all the areas
curving with like the flow of the hair
see how its curving out curving this way
so yeah
so basically we're doing that with our
middle tone and we're just gonna start
with that sort of the flow of the hair
so the flow of the hair basically is
like the way that it's sort of coming
out like here's like the starting point
and then it just sort of like curving
out to this area here and just sort of
curving like that so you're just gonna
sort of flick the pen and you're leaving
a lot of space like sort of light like
this so we're just gonna go through all
the hair just using this motion if you
want to know more about it just go to
those other tutorials and yeah just go
over the whole area of the hair doing
that so we've just used our middle tone
to go over the hair so just like what's
the flow of the hair following that line
put the whole thing in like the back
areas you can just cover it all just
sort of going over it over here to just
using that flicking sort of motion and
sort of separating into sections too so
yeah that's our first layer of color and
now we're gonna go on to our darkest one
which is this which is really like dark
red and we're just gonna do that same
sort of like flicking motion going
around the area but again since it's
layering colors you're not gonna go over
the whole area of the last one just sort
of following some of the area so just
sort of like this flicking
pushing but not covering all the area of
the last time you can follow through
it's like some lines and sort of vary it
but try not to cover the whole last area
so that you can see like the layers and
these like the blended color just go
through the whole all the rest of the
hair with that darkest tone so we've
used our darkest pinky maroon tone to go
over the hair and now it's looking
pretty good
it's sort of really shiny and nice you
can see over here too so that is like
basically the hair so there's one more
thing that we're gonna do that is also
optional so you don't really have to do
like this could be the final hair though
you don't have to do this you can use
your lightest tone which is the one that
we haven't used yet lightest one and go
over all the areas of hair so there are
two things you can actually do you can
go over the whole area of the hair and
like the all the shades and everything
to blend it or you can just go over the
shading and some of the area of the hair
and we'll still leave a few places right
which is what we're gonna do
so you're just sort of going over the
shading plus some of the white area the
leavings still leaving a little bit
light so going over the shading
basically helps like push all those
little legs waxy things like into the
paper and help it blend everything it's
sort of like the colored pencils when
you like use that light pencil thing to
like go over everything is sort of like
flattens it out so we can go like really
really lightly in the light areas and
just smooth like that sort of pressure
shading and just do that throughout the
whole hair this is optional so you don't
have to do this though obviously it just
depends on how you like to do it you are
the artist was do it however you want to
do it so here is our final hair color
using Crayola Crayons looks pretty good
and blended for Crayolas right so that's
our hair and those are basically like
the two main things hair and skin and
now we're just gonna be going through
like the clothes and all that the eyes
using our Crayola crayons